The Linux System Administrator bootcamp provides a thorough introduction to UNIX and Linux fundamentals as well as essential administration skills required to competently maintain a Linux system in a networked business environment. Students will also learn to create Bourne and Korn shell scripts and receive solid grounding in the X Window System.

Our unique approach combines on-demand streaming with personal facilitation and comprehensive hands-on exercises to assure successful training and competence in the IT workplace. Our support staff provides personal setup assistance, guidance and lab equipment setup for each student. An instructor is assigned to each student to assist in completing lab exercises and to help with any questions about the course content. Our classes are designed to be 50% lecture and 50% hands on exercises. Lab exercises are performed via direct high-speed access to a dedicated lab machine, providing responsive interaction and anywhere/anytime accessibility by the lab facilitator as well as the student.

This bootcamp provides you with the knowledge to become a UNIX power user as well as an understanding of fundamental system administration. You’ll learn the important commands, file system structure and navigation, process creation and management as well as comprehensive practice writing Korn and Bash shell scripts. You’ll be introduced to regular expressions and the power tools that use them including grep, sed, and awk. Administration topics include installing, configuring and maintaining an Enterprise Linux system, as well as planning and implementing backup strategies and configuring and deploying network services.
