The Master Java Developer bootcamp offers a task-oriented, cost effective approach to learning Java technology. Students will learn how to code, compile and run standalone object-oriented Java programs; create and deploy SOAP based and RESTful Web services as well as work with a variety of Java EE components and frameworks. Students will also create tests from use cases and/or Agile methodology.

Our unique approach combines on-demand streaming with personal facilitation and comprehensive hands-on exercises to assure successful training and competence in the IT workplace. Our support staff provides personal setup assistance, guidance and lab equipment setup for each student. An instructor is assigned to each student to assist in completing lab exercises and to help with any questions about the course content. Our classes are designed to be 50% lecture and 50% hands on exercises. Lab exercises are performed via direct high-speed access to a dedicated lab machine, providing responsive interaction and anywhere/anytime accessibility by the lab facilitator as well as the student.

In this bootcamp students go beyond fundamental language syntax and learn to create Java applications using frameworks as well as properly code to exploit client/server architecture. Object-oriented concepts and proper use of classes, objects, inheritance and polymorphism are emphasize throughout. Coverage includes building applications by effectively integrating Spring and Hibernate and utilizing Ajax on both the client and server sides. Students will also learn Test Driven Development (TDD) using NUnit and Microsoft’s Visual Studio including building unit tests using mocks, fakes, stubs and drivers. Extensive hands on work provides proficiency in the use of the IDE of your choice, whether it be Eclipse, NetBeans or jEdit. 