The Web Developer bootcamp introduces the core concepts and practical techniques required to develop the skills needed for Website development. Students will learn how to implement Web pages using HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Responsive Web Design and Angular. Optional courses include Perl, PHP, Node.js, ASP.NET or Python.

Our unique approach combines on-demand streaming with personal facilitation and comprehensive hands-on exercises to assure successful training and competence in the IT workplace. Our support staff provides personal setup assistance, guidance and lab equipment setup for each student. An instructor is assigned to each student to assist in completing lab exercises and to help with any questions about the course content. Our classes are designed to be 50% lecture and 50% hands on exercises. Lab exercises are performed via direct high-speed access to a dedicated lab machine, providing responsive interaction and anywhere/anytime accessibility by the lab facilitator as well as the student.

You’ll learn about the actual code that comprises Web pages and the frameworks that are used to implement functionality. Upon completion, you’ll be able to read and modify code from any code generator. Acquired skills include being able to create responsive Websites with HTML5/CSS along with the Bootstrap front-end framework; manipulating the DOM; creating functions; handling events and making AJAX requests with JavaScript. JavaScript frameworks including jQuery and Angular are included to show how to increase productivity and convenience while providing enhanced functionality for Websites.