The SQL Server Business Intelligence Developer bootcamp includes coverage of relational database fundamentals, SQL programming, Reporting Services, Integration and Analysis Services.

Our unique approach combines on-demand streaming with personal facilitation and comprehensive hands-on exercises to assure successful training and competence in the IT workplace. Our support staff provides personal setup assistance, guidance and lab equipment setup for each student. An instructor is assigned to each student to assist in completing lab exercises and to help with any questions about the course content. Our classes are designed to be 50% lecture and 50% hands on exercises. Lab exercises are performed via direct high-speed access to a dedicated lab machine, providing responsive interaction and anywhere/anytime accessibility by the lab facilitator as well as the student.

This bootcamp provides a solid understanding of relational database design concepts, coding and utilizing SQL queries and database management tools. It includes comprehensive coverage of SQL syntax including complex queries, as well as creating and using stored procedures, functions, views and triggers. You will learn how to deploy and manage Reporting Services, create and customize reports including Table, Matrix, Parameterized and Linked reports. You’ll be introduced to the design and use of data warehouses and the use of SSIS to import/export data. A thorough introduction to SSAS includes creation of data cubes to support business analytics, and syntax for extracting information including the use of MDX to develop Multidimensional models.